burned to death after a candle caught the bed on fire and caused a conflagration.
was found dead by First Name Last Name. The killer remains unknown.
was killed by First Name Last Name and First Name Last Name for fleeing imprisonment.
broke their leg and died of infection five days later.
died of a stab wound.
was stabbed by First Name Last Name after a quarrel.
was killed by a sow. The sow was arrested.
fell into a pond and drowned.
was found shot through by an arrow at the door of First Name Last Name.
died when timber fell upon their head and inflicted a deep wound.
tripped, fell, and broke their neck.
was feloniously slain by First Name Last Name.
was killed by an unkown person in a quarrel.
, having gone mad, rose from their bed at night and fell into the river, drowning.
died of the bloody flux.
succumbed to starvation.
was arrested for larceny and escaped from prison, but was caught and imprisoned again. They succumbed to illness.
, while inebriated, fell into a ditch and died.
was run over by an oxen cart.
was slain by an arrow wound.
was crushed to death by a tree branch when misfortune fell upon them.
died by misadventure when they fell and broke their neck.
was arrested for breaking into the chamber of First Name Last Name and died of starvation while in prison.
fell from a boat and drowned.
died while trying to bring an ox to slaugther. The ox impaled them through the stomach with its horn and dragged them for forty feet before throwing them onto the ground. The ox was half a mark.
drowned while bathing.
was stabbed by First Name Last Name, who was avenging verbal abuse sent upon First Name Last Name.
was murdered by clerks.
was bitten by a pig on the left elbow and died immediately.
was tossed into a river by a calf and drowned.
fell into a well and drowned.
fell into a well while drawing water. Two servants attempted to help but also fell in. All three drowned.
was stabbed in the heart by First Name Last Name.
was smote in the head with a sickle and immediately died.
was found in the woods with multiple wounds by First Name Last Name. The killer remains unknown.
died after they were hit in the head with a stone.
fell from a roof and sustained several injuries. They ailed for two hours before dying.
stood at a window thirty feet high and accidentally fell to the pavement, crushing their neck and other body parts.
, drunk and over-fed, had a falling sickness upon returning home. They fell upon a stone and broke their head open.
was wrestling with a friend without any malice when they were tossed to the ground. They died the following day from injuries.
died after being beaten to death with a staff by a group of clerks.
was smote in the chest with a knife in their own chamber. The felon escaped.
died of the red plague.
starved to death in prison.
, in an altercation over a cow, was struck in the head with an axe.
was struck by First Name Last Name with a pole hatchet after abusive words were exchanged.
, taken by the falling sickness, suddenly fell to the ground and died.
was given two mortal wounds with a knife ten inches long.
stood on decaying wood over the gutter and fell to their death when it broke.
was beaten to death by First Name Last Name and First Name Last Name.
was born stillborn when the mother was injured the previous day.
broke their leg while playing with other children. They died five days later.
succumbed to a serious illness.
died of St. Anthony's Fire.
tipped over a pot of boiling water and died from the burns.
fell off a bridge and into the river, drowning by misadventure.
succumbed to quatran fever.
was thrown from their boat and drowned in tempestuous waters.
, in a frenzy, cut off their own foot and hand and died soon afterwards.
was crushed to death by a crowd.
was assaulted by a group of clerks and died of an arrow wound to the spine.
was trampled by a horse while playing in the street.
was crushed by a felled tree.
fell from a haystack and died.
stabbed First Name Last Name and then was slain in self defense.
was smote on the head with a stone and thrown into the sea.
attempted to save their child from a fire. Both burned to death.
broke their neck in a fall down the stairs.
was shot in the chest by First Name Last Name.
was accidentally struck with a stick by a woman who was quarrelling with another.
died immediately when a tumor burst in their belly.
was beaten to death with stones and an iron fork.
died of a tumor.
was stabbed in a church at night.
was found by First Name Last Name, the body bearing wounds from dogs.
was stabbed in the ribs when defending passerby from First Name Last Name.
was shot in the eye with an arrow and died fifteen days later.
fell out of a tree and into a pond, where they drowned.
was killed by their spouse in an altercation.
died after their hand was cut off in a quarrel with First Name Last Name.
fell off a bridge while on their way to procure beer and drowned in the river.
died during childbirth.
was slain by First Name Last Name, who was wearing a gambison and used a staff, dagger, and buckler.
died of the pestilence.
refused to pay for a candle and was promptly struck in the head by First Name Last Name.
was born stillborn after robbers beat the mother, who was protecting her spouse.
was dragged to death by a startled horse.
died seven days after falling from a ladder.
suffered an illness for three weeks before dying.
died in their house when a fire broke out.
attempted to drink from a river, but instead fell in and drowned.
was murdered in their sleep by First Name Last Name and First Name Last Name on the order of First Name Last Name.
was feloniously slain with a pickaxe by First Name Last Name.
died suddenly of an ulcer of the throat.
was attacked by four men and died, struck to death with stones.
and First Name Last Name attempted to retrieve personal belongings from a well, but drowned.
was killed when malt from a cart fell upon them.
died when a boiler burst and scaleded their body.
was murdered by an unknown felon and thrown into the well.
suffered from quinsy for a week before suddenly dying.
died of an arrow wound in the left arm.
fell down the stairs while intoxicated and died.
slipped and was impaled by a pole.
died of a mysterious wound that could not be cured.
fell asleep while drunkenly attempting to cut bread and fell on the knife. The wound caused their death two days later.
was found drowned in the river.
was kicked in the belly and died afterwards.
did not find shelter for the night and died of the cold.
succumbed to phthisis.
died from the sweating sickness.
suffered from ague and died.
died after a stroke of paralysis from a head wound.
was scalded to death when ladling out boiling water.
suffered a wound on the calf that cut into a vein, and died from infection.
died two months after sustaining wounds from a quarrel.
was killed by First Name Last Name after striking one of the latter's dogs.
died when the axle of a cart broke and the wheel fell upon them.
was killed attempting to stop a quarrel.
was smote with a dagger to the head by their spouse.
had their head caved in by First Name Last Name for loitering outside the former's shop at night with companions.
fell into a pot of boiling water and died of burns.
went to a pond to draw water but fell in and immediately died.
, suffering from an infirmity, died in their bed.
died of a grievous illness while imprisoned.